[Music]
welcome to another episode of 7-minute
marketing with Pam my name is Pam dinner
I love sharing a little dose a b2b
digital content marketing and sales
enablement seven minutes at a time
frequent listeners know that I practice
yoga on a regular basis the truth is
that I go to two different yoga studios
in Portland I do hi yoga in one studio
and learn new and a different yoga
postures in a different studio attending
classes in two different studios I get
opportunities to see how different yoga
instructors conduct their classes so hi
yoga we do the same 26 postures every
class it can get incredibly boring
sometimes
same old postures over and over again
but that's when the personality of a
teacher comes into play one particular
instructor Sasha it's very unique she
ran away from home when she was young
and then lived a pretty messed-up life
until she found yoga and you can tell
that she doesn't like to follow rules
she would play music during classes at a
couple of postures here and there or ask
us to breathe in a certain ways between
postures then she would add some random
observations or reflections as they
occurred to her like the other day when
we were doing twisting postures and she
says she was on the toilet yesterday and
turned on one side to get the toilet
paper and then she were thinking huh I'm
doing a twist now then I need to turn a
wrong and her to the other side really
seriously like from nowhere so that kind
of random thoughts would just blast out
of her mouth and a me giving moment then
she was certainly realized like oh my
god I'm sharing way too much information
is TMI and she would just laugh it all
off with all of us and that's how she is
and she has a solid following from her
sessions and her class is entertaining
the other studio teaches a Yank
yoga and like hot yoga we go through
different sequences of yoga postures
every time Nina
one of the senior instructors has
in-depth knowledge of yoga practice and
the postures she is well trained and she
demonstrates each postures with specific
instructions on how to do them right
I learned challenging poses such as a
headstand handstand or elbow stand I
wouldn't say that her classes are
entertaining but is certainly
educational and insightful I become a
better yogini because of the quality of
her teaching the teaching styles of
Sasha and Nina makes me think about
content creation not every piece of
content you create needs to be
entertaining or storytelling sometimes
you need to tell your products and
offering as it is straightforward and
OnPoint sometimes you need to create
content with exciting creative and an
interesting writing angle to provoke an
emotional connection or create a
specific experience with your target
customers to do that you need to truly
understand your customers Sasha I
understand that 26 postures is boring
she tries to add some spice to her class
by sharing her personal stories were
breaking the same sequence a bit Nina
knows her students want to challenge
themselves and make progress with their
practice so she focuses on giving
no-nonsense instructions to help her
students improve they both understand
their students well interpreted their
needs and find their own ways to help
their pupils
so here's my take away by watching
Sasha's anda Nina's teaching styles
number one know what's unique about your
products and your offering in an
enterprise that should be your brain
guide or your brain persona number two
understand your audience's needs in
enterprise that is your buyers personas
number three determine how you or your
product can help your audience
NEADS explain and demonstrate it in your
own ways in an enterprise that is your
editorial and the content planning
lastly not every piece of content you
create needs to tell a story you need to
have a mix of content and also in the
different formats it's funny how I make
a connection between Sasha and Lena's
teaching and the content marketing just
like Douglas Adam said in his Dirk
gently's books everything is connected
many times I have meetings until the
minute I walk into the yoga studio I
tend to feel tense over before my yoga
sessions but after 90 minutes I feel
like I ship 50 pounds of weight off my
shoulders then after a nice hot shower
I'm completely rejuvenated and ready to
start my day I love the feel of the
pollen breeze on my face when I walk out
the studio have you tried yoga before
give it a shot
maybe you'll gain some marketing
insights as well against Meo marketing
questions or thoughts via twitter at Pam
dinner be well until next time
[Music]